               LA-SiGMA APPLICATION LICENSE version 1.0
 Copyright (C) 2014 Louisiana State University. All rights reserved.

This license is derived from the ALPS APPLICATION LICENSE version 1.0,
Copyright (C) 2003-2004 Ian McCulloch.

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute this license document.

This License applies to any software containing a notice placed by the
copyright holder saying that it may be distributed under the terms of
the LA-SiGMA Application License version 1.0. Such software is herein
referred to as the "Software".

This license grants permission to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of
the Software, and to permit others to do so for non-commercial
academic use, all subject to the following conditions:

1. In any academic publication based wholly or in part on the
Software, the use of the Software must be acknowledged as set forth in
the file CITATION.txt, this may include a list of publications to be
cited.

2. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Software in the
form that you received it, as long as all copyright notices and
references to this license and warranty disclaimer are kept intact,
and all recipients also receive a copy of this license and warranty
disclaimer.

3. You may modify your copy or copies of the Software, thus forming a
work based on the Software, and use, copy or distribute such modified
works under the terms of sections 1 and 2 above, provided that you
also meet all of these conditions:

    a. For each modified file a notice must be placed either in the
    file itself (if the format so allows) or in a separate file. A
    notice placed in a modified file shall read: "This file is based
    on LA-SiGMA PACKAGE_NAME VERSION." with PACKAGE_NAME and VERSION
    replaced with the package name and version found in the README.txt
    file. The wording shall be adjusted for notices placed in other
    files, and for notices in renamed files and for files containing
    copies of original LA-SiGMA code.

    b. All citations listed in the accompanying CITATIONS.txt document
    that refer to sections of the Software that exist in the modified
    work must be preserved irrespective of the extent of the
    modification.

    c. You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in
    whole or in part contains or is derived from the Software or any
    part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third
    parties under terms compatible with this License.

    d. Text and other elements generated in the execution of the
    Software which identify this Software must be modified so that
    they read "Based on LA-SiGMA" followed by the name and version of
    the original software and the original copyright notice. This may
    be accompanied by text identifying the modified code.

4. This Software, or modifications under section 3 above, may be
distributed in object code or executable form, provided that you
include this complete License, warranty disclaimer and accompanying
CITATIONS.txt document.

5. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Software into other
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
please write to LA-SiGMA and ask for permission to use under a
different license.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE
DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
